https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDlQwv99CovKafGvxyaiNDA	" Jonathan Morrison
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCR0AnNR7sViH3TWMJl5jyxw  " Jon Rettinger
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJ24N4O0bP7LGLBDvye7oCA	" Matt D'Avella
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBJycsmduvYEL83R_U4JriQ	" Marques Brownlee
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCddiUEpeqJcYeBxX1IVBKvQ	" The Verge
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOmcA3f_RrH6b9NmcNa4tdg	" CNET
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCaFGDBmGK_jw66u3av2Ysjw	" MacRumors
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChjRM_qQAaOAiLNbOGbYcRA	" 9to5Mac
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCF78twzUr1i7EyJV9Yo72aA	" EZTech
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXuqSBlHAE6Xw-yeJA0Tunw	" Linus Tech Tips
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1myqQB33ECriZwu4jiVqCA	" Sam Sheffer
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCjyq_K1Xwfg8Lndy7lKMpA	" TechCrunch
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGq7ov9-Xk9fkeQjeeXElkQ	" Danny Winget
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtinbF-Q-fVthA0qrFQTgXQ	" Casey Neistat
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9fSZHEh6XsRpX-xJc6lT3A	" UrAvgConsumer
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJ98xGeWxpuKDAb2-Xs01Ug	" JusReign
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDt0iwnK2sPXaOyZhVmXIQw	" Dom Esposito
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCO2x-p9gg9TLKneXlibGR7w	" Snazzy Labs
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAY_M9HyJb8oMKPV1utQQyA	" TechRadar
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTAgbu2l6_rBKdbTvEodEDw	" Nerdist
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7v3-2K1N84V67IF-WTRG-Q	" Jeremy Jahns
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCF9-JngqznvAsiF2yZbeY8g	" iDB
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXGgrKt94gR6lmN4aN3mYTg	" Austin Evans
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmY3dSr-0TOkJqy0btd2AJg	" DetroitBORG
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsTcErHg8oDvUnTzoqsYeNw	" UnboxTherapy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgyqtNWZmIxTx3b6OxTSALw	" Android Authority
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC60o55QG_Yabb1nelfSGO0w	" Phandroid
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbR6jJpva9VIIAHTse4C3hw	" Tim Schofield
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCftcLVz-jtPXoH3cWUUDwYw	" Bitwit
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIrrRLyFMVmmL9NDAU2obJA	" SuperSaf
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqKDAO0u1vSUFc_QIQ1H-9Q	" Ash Tailor
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSOpcUkE-is7u7c4AkLgqTw	" MrMobile
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtoMyXF4VFY3cB8fUcn7N4A	" AMC Theaters
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCT3MTXYJzXrHgOXB5qicr_w	" Canoopsy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-WN47gj27EoWYITQ4TwsBA	" Marzbar
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdtDUhV2qYOp6D7XuviDOKg	" Matthew Cassinelli
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3fg6pL63upkXCc0T203wVg	" Sara Peachy
